This will be a WIP file (Open Office calc .ods file). I think I'm about half done and I don't think it's possible to ever be "complete" given that new mods keep coming out.
If you download the file, scan it for viruses and then open it. There are many tabs. The file is organized according to location, and lists Skyrim SE mods associated with a given location. It is not a recommendation about which mods to use, or even which mods work (although I did exclude some mods that likely don't work). Links are included. Beware that some of the links are to nsfw sites and/or pages. Most are nexus mods, but there are lover's lab, AFK and some other sites as well.
I don't take requests. So if it's not useful to you, don't use it. I suspect most people will be better off learning to search Nexus--there are lots of parameters to narrow down your search. Also, consider using Modmapper in addition (you can easily search for Modmapper with your search engine), which gives a visual representation of where various location-impacting mods are in the Skyrim space. I have no involvement in Modmapper, but it is an excellent tool.  I wrote the file I provide here for myself, since it reflects my own need to have words arrayed in a specific manner when I look for mods to create a personal mod list--basically a brief title based on the mod published. For example, if you want to know what mods impact the Blue Palace in Solitude, go to Haafinagr (hold name) and scroll down until you see Solitude and then Blue Palace.  And yes, I've made mistakes, so it's not a definitive list.  If you do use my file, and decide to download it and update it for yourself, beware that it's easy to lose a link if you try to move a file the wrong way, or if you correct the spelling etc. User beware.  Also beware if someone creates an alternate version.  I can't vouch for the safety of the file.
